# Portfolio
This repository contains the most interesting projects I have worked on during my bachelors degree at NTNU. Every project have been added as a submodule. When cloning this repository the submodules will be empty. The easiest way to navigate to each project is to just click on the submodule folders at this Github page and it will redirect you to the repository of that project. However, if you want to clone this main repository and then populate the submodule folders, you have to use ```"git submodule init <repositopry name>"``` followed by ```"git submodule update <repository name>"```. I do not recommend to update and initialize all submodules recursively in one command, as some of the repositories are rather large. 

For the group projects "Fullstack-MealPlanner", "Bachelor-File-Converter" and "Unity-TowerDefense-Game" the SCRUM development method was followed.

I strongly recommend to take a look at this [youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi9mMhBK8H4dB0s10bniXvw) I have created for the projects you are interested in. In this playlist I have one video for every project where I showcase the functionality and explain what I have done.  

## About me 
I am a 23 year old norwegian male, whom recently graduated with a bachelor's degree in programming from NTNU Gjøvik. I am a hardworking, responsible, and motivated person who wishes to apply the skills acquired through my studies, as well as learn new technologies and work methods. I am most competent in backend development with languages such as C++, C#, Golang, Rust, C, and Haskell, but I also have some experience with JavaScript, React, HTML and CSS. I have also utilized technologies such as Docker and Docker swarms, Load Balancing, database clusters, virtual machines, Integrating login system for unity games with Firebase Authentication, integration of cloud databases like Firestore, and local databases such as cocroachDB and PostreSQL.

I am an incredibly active person and played football and did cross country skiing actively until mandatory military service. I currently train to compete in longer distance ski races such as "Birkebeinerrennet". I have devleoped an affection for frisbeegolf, love playing games (mostly League of Legends), regularly go to the gym for strength training and enjoy playing poker with friends on the weekends. 
